hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the movie
nightcrawler 2014.
main character louis bloom is shown in
first seen breaking offense
his car is at a side within a moment
security guard reaches there to ask the
reason of his presence
he also asks him to show his id card
showing id card lewis attacks on
security guards stealing his wristwatch
and goes and car
it has appeared in first scene louise is
a thief
lewis then goes to scrap yard selling
the stolen chain cover and link
he meets a man there there is a
discussion on these things between these
two persons
least tells this man i need a job for my
career so that i may grow up
i am hard working with great goals he
also tells that i had been famous in my
school self-esteem movement
i assert you must have earned enough
money to purchase a lottery ticket if
you want to win it
he requests for a job to that person but
is rejected
then lewis asks reason that person says
i cannot hire a thief
hearing it he moves to his car on the
way he observes police cars and hears
words help
help stopping his car aside he notices a
burnt car and shouting lady who has been
calling for help
meantime two freelance journalists reach
there
one of them has camera while other is
his helper
they begin to make video police officers
bring that lady out of the burnt car
seeing it lewis smiles and he gets an
idea
he goes to cameraman and asks the
broadcasting of this news and tv in
morning time
he also gets more information meanwhile
cameraman receives a message through the
kept radio scanner in his car
location named crest rose is told
hearing it cameraman leaves
but before leaving he informs to lewis
this footage will be sold to the local
station news
in next scene sitting in his room lewis
watches the news channel
he hears a news that bank robber could
not run for a long time
he continues to change news channels a
news channel broadcasts the same news
which he had noticed live
after it newscasters gratify the chb
officers who saved the life of lady
it is also told that crashed car caused
a fire but lady is in stable condition
now
then lewis is shown sitting in a public
area and steals a parked bicycle
he goes to shop so he may sell it he
tells many attributes of bicycle to
shopkeeper and discusses the prices
always
he says i need a camcorder which is
video camera and radio scanner at its
place.at last gets them
afterward he keeps that camcorder and
radio scanner in his car
after two unsuccessful attempts one day
he reaches a place
receiving information through radio
scanner
where police cars can be seen going
there
he begins camera recording but police
officer strictly forbids him and
threatens as you will be arrested if you
don't stop
a girl's health is being restored there
lewis assures that he has license of
recording but is pushed away like the
other cameraman
it is a carjacking accident which is
recorded by lewis
taking this recording he goes to kwla
center
relevant to news channel in los angeles
going there he meets its director lewis
talks about the sale of carjacking
footage
then it is asked for whom do you work
lewis tells
he works only for himself lewis tells
that a fallen person was shot for many
times and bleeding
director watches this footage and also
tells about assignment editor
lewis is asked about the footage price
he demands ten thousand dollars but
director hands over him 250
then director suggests to purchase the
better equipments is directional mike so
that he may interview where he visits
lewis talks to director she asks him to
contact having such news and also tells
their interest in crime videos but not
all
because their viewers are interested in
urban crimes which are residential
interest is also seen in other accidents
as car
buses train and burnt plans she more
tells
these footage should be graphic best and
clear
lewis gets understanding next morning
sitting in his room lewis watches the
kwl8 channel that plays the same
carjacking news
then he works on his computer searching
the police codes of los angeles which
are of police department
he writes these codes and some incidents
in his notebook
in next scene lewis waits for a man
named rick in a hotel
he calls to hire him as an employee and
interview
lewis asks why should i hire you on it
rick replied my education has completed
now and i need a job
he also says it is me i can do
everything
so that you must hire me lewis then
tells
i run a successful tv business making
footage of breaking film stories
hiring rick lius agrees to give 30 on
the daily basis for a night duty
recording
afterward rich gratifies him both go for
work
lewis tells his concern in carr that he
will take the information through the
radio scanner and wait for emergency
call
receiving a message both go on their
duty
rick is unable to have a clear view of
screen because of fast driving
ambulance had gone when they reach their
and video recordings are over
lewis has got angry but rick clears
himself saying it was due to your fast
driving
lewis says i had already problems do not
tell me more
only mention the solution so that we may
decide something collaborately
first thing the key of success is
identified communication
it is clear they cannot record anything
here but reaches at another place
taking information through radio scanner
reaching there they talk with a lady who
says i told to police about gun people
but no one took
action afterward lewis records the
standing people in front of house who
talk with one another
as they say we were running as fast as
we can through this window
lewis enters into the house stealthily
because everything is over outside
going there he begins to record the
stuck pictures on refrigerator
and kept envelopes on a table taking
this recording
he goes to kwla center and meets with
its director
watching it director says it fantastic
favoring while editor dislikes this
footage
director asks louis have you any
experience in office
lewis replies no and tells about his
online study of everything
i use computer all day then he tells
that i have also done an online business
course last year
i knew there should be a business plan
before starting any business
he also shares a website question
through which anyone can focus on his
abilities as the question is
what do you like to do he tells through
this site he has enhanced his abilities
because through these questions a list
of your weaknesses and strengths is
required
he tells i have made a list again and
have known my interests in tv news
i can do it perfectly director smiles
calling his work outstanding
after it lewis names his first recording
carjacking crime
working on computer while second
recording name is given
horror in echo park gradually
great recordings are attained making
such footages
he becomes expert after it rick and
lewis go again on work and receives a
message through radio scanner as carr
has overturned
they reach there immediately lewis tries
to ask something from a worried person
who is there
but that person shouts saying go away i
am calling 911.
it is night time lewis drags a wounded
man laying before a car and makes his
video he gets footage gladly
a few moments later police arrives there
with clacsoning sirens
as a result lewis and rick lee lewis
gives that footage to nina director
who hands over him check appreciating
his work
next morning a man meets lewis and
suggests him to import his video on your
laptop
and editing upload it on site fg
notifying that you have something for
sale
he also tells i have also been working
as a nightcrawler for the last 14 years
he offers him double income asking to
drive his another band for it
but lewis rejects his offer saying him
thanks
then lewis with kwla director goes to a
restaurant for dinner
they talk with each other director is
pleased with his work
appreciating him completely next time
when lewis visits kwla center director
talks about
crash lewis says i apologize but i only
bring
stories which are on ground while
planned crash recording was not my work
but director shouts you knew it was most
important week
and i needed such work to take the
attention of people towards it
you promised me saying it director goes
away
in next scene lewis is in his house news
channel shows the news of last night
plan crash
looking into the mirror he screams like
a mad man breaking the mirror
then goes outside the house and drives
car fastly
in night time lewis and rich go on their
work lewis drives the car as always
and they move to next location reaching
their lewis runs holding camera coming
out the car
he goes to a place stealthily and hears
the gunfire sounds from the house
lewis hides himself in bushes two men
coming from house sit in car and leave
actually both persons are criminal lewis
moves into the house there is a complete
silence
going inside he finds the laying dead
bodies with blood spots on the floor
he continues recording and reaches there
before the police
a murder is also inside a room he
records the scenes in camera and runs
outside feeling fear
within a moment police car sirens make a
sound
sitting in a car with rick lewis leaves
the place
he is afraid because it is serious case
lewis goes to kwla director but director
angers asking why were you not picking
up my call
on it lewis says i have something
granada house has been attacked and
triple homicides occurred there
i went there before the police all
members of office start to watch his
brought footage
center lady says we cannot broadcast it
until we tell their identities to their
relatives
but director suggests to pixelate the
faces
all think about the broadcasting of news
and channel or not
there is a discussion on it director
then asks the footage price
lewis demand as high as he says 15 000
but director disagrees lewis says it is
attractive footage
i can sell it to anyone he also demands
the public credit
lewis says my demanded amount is not
much
he more tells having my own company its
name will be video production news
after a great discussion director agrees
giving him public credit
in next scene he hears news sitting in a
room
someone comes at the doorstep when he
checks
finds male and female detectives who ask
his identity as enter into house
on it he tells i am louis bloom then it
is asked where were you last night
and he informs everything actually it is
a crime
scene then he says i went there to
collect the information and was present
before the police
detectives interrogate and louis says i
had seen two men leaving that house and
sat
in suv detectives ask about video film
he gives video to detectives but he had
already edited the criminal scene in
which the two criminals were visible
afterward detectives leave lewis shares
everything to rick telling he has the
names and address of criminals
we are going there now i know one of the
killers we will search who drove carr
and i will also call police as time
comes
then rick tells i devote my work on it
lewis says to rick
i did not want to share my business plan
with you but time has come permitting me
how will i expand my company at next
level
he appreciates rick's work and devotion
and promotes him to executive vice
president
the daily income of rich reaches 75 per
night work
rick and lewis reach at a place where
criminal's car is parked
lewis reveals reward of catching
criminals is 50 000
hearing it rick is astonished lewis says
i will call police finding chance
because these criminals are very violent
rich demands more money but lewis
diverts him saying that your reward is
to set your career you are getting a
great opportunity
if you still want to do this work just
think
rich demands the half payment of reward
surprised lewis thinks
how can rick come on this amount but
agrees to an extent
after a while a criminal comes outside
and moves to his car
in their car rick and lewis go after him
afterward
lewis calls police and tells i want to
tell the location of these killers
who have murdered of three persons in
garnada hills both killers are in
chinatown express restaurant
he also tells both are hispanic and have
gun
all information is delivered through
radio scanner
there are almost six persons in
restaurant rich is afraid thinking
sudden firing can be started
lewis orders rick for film shooting
going outside
and says i will make video sitting in
car using zoom button
rick is scared and forbids to go outside
the car saying i don't care of this job
but unwillingly rick goes holding a
camera it is a risky task
while lewis keeps himself safe in a car
and continues to make zoom video of
killers who are in hotel
within a time police car arrives and
police officers proceed to the hotel
video recording continues a criminal
hides his gun under the table
lewis observes the second police car and
other police officer also enters there
rick is much afraid suddenly sound of
firing is heard which has started
a police officer receives a gunshot
criminals run away sitting in a car but
police officers follow them in a flow
lewis and rick's car is after police car
it is delicate situation
lewis asks rick for video making cars
are driven badly with a high speed
criminals hit the police car overturning
it at last criminal's car
is also overturned now there is a
complete silence
it seems criminals are dead in car lewis
moves ahead to check
finding them dead he asks rick to make
video
coming from carr in fear as rick starts
to make video thinking them dead
it is known criminal is alive who fires
rick with his gun as a result rich has
fallen down
while lewis staying aside continues to
make video
police car comes and fires on criminal
putting him dead
now lewis comes to rick who has little
life dying rick says
you had seen him on it lewis says
i cannot put things at risk for the
success of my company
and i cannot rely on such a person who
isn't trustworthy
afterward rick loses his life lewis
leaves taking his camera
he gives this footage to kwla director
detectives also arrive in office taking
it a major case and speaks about lapd
also say don't play this footage on
screen
because it is criminal case after it
director has got angry saying it is the
property of kwla
but detective also tells i took officer
to hospital myself
he was nearly to die three were dead
while four were injured and this
recording is evidence
and she asks footage this is news
footage which we got from independent
contractor paying him
if you have issues meet the footage
maker editor informs director
police found 50-pound hidden cocaine in
grenada's hills
it was not attack on house but a drug
robbery
director says it is urban crime story
and lewis has inspired us
afterward detectives call lewis for
interrogation
lewis comes there voluntarily he tells i
had called to 911 informing about china
express
he fabricates a story i recognize those
two men and chased them with my employee
when it is said to him as you said
before you claimed that you did not see
them
on it lewis again says seeing them i
recognized
the gun was inside their shirt so had to
call 9-1-1
detective says you are telling a lie and
you cannot befool me
lewis wished with that my cameraman had
been here and tell what happened
detective says you had left your dying
partner and also made video of him
lewis again tells a lie he says
ambulance came there having the
professional trained person so i left
him there
hearing it detective leaves because she
cannot prove the lies of lewis
lewis is released and he hires employees
for his video production news
and also instructs them as he says i
will not say you to do what i do not
taking instruction all go to their work
in the end it is known that lewis hires
a team to
expand his business like
comment and subscribe don't forget to
hit the bell icon